#469 ADD boolean option for automerge (#470)
terrateamio/terrateam: docs/src/content/docs/configuration-reference/automerge.mdx

automerge:
  enabled: false
  delete_branch: false
  require_explicit_apply: false
```

## Keys
| Key | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| enabled | boolean | Specifies whether automerge is enabled. Default is false. |

> | delete_branch | boolean | Specifies whether the branch should be deleted after the PR is merged. Default is false. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| require_explicit_apply | boolean | Specifies whether an explicit "terrateam apply" is necessary for `automerge` functionality to be applied. Default is false. |
```
